HACS main dashboard: rephrase title and intro to be more procedural (#508)
hacs/documentation: source/docs/use/dashboard.md

---
title: Getting started with the HACS dashboard
description: 'Steps on getting started with the HACS dashboard'
---

This section shows you how to use the HACS dashboard.

## Getting started with the HACS dashboard

1. To use HACS, in the Home Assistant sidebar, select the HACS icon. 
    - This opens the HACS dashboard.
    - The HACS dashboard uses the same [table features](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/organizing/filtering) used elsewhere in Home Assistant.
    - Each line in the data table represents a community repository that can be downloaded via HACS.
2. If you do not see the repository you are looking for, use the [search](#search) and [filter](#filter).

>     - By default, the dashboard only shows the repositories you have downloaded with HACS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is no longer the case, it now shows everything, but it display the downloaded stuff on top.

>     - By default, the dashboard only shows the repositories you have downloaded with HACS. 

Author: ```suggestion
    - By default, the dashboard shows the repositories you have downloaded with HACS on top of the list. 

```
